---
title: About Luther Books
description: Luther Books is a resource site for lutheran students with overview of lutheran books on word wide web.
---

`Luther-Books` contains the following pages:

- The [Search](../../search) page have a searchable and sortable (table) overview of resource sites, used by lutherans to read Luther online and when referring to Luther's writings.
- The [Books](../../books) contains a few of the most important's writings from Luther.
- This [Docs](../docs/about) contains what you are reading now and some information to developers who want to clone this repository.

## Features
### Search
The search page is the page on which a lot of resources have been spent, to make it better than anything else on the big Word Wide Web (WWW).

#### Table
The hole page is built on a advanced table. This table make it more user friendly than any Lutheran resource sites - that exist on www (per 2024).

#### Sortable Columns
It is possibly to sort all the columns in both directions.

##### Example (Format)
A very user friendly feature is to sort the table by the `format`, pdf/ html or md etc.

#### Filter by search
You can search with use of words or a string to filter the table, that it only shows the rows that contains the search string.

### Books
Per November 2024 there is only one book (The small catechism) and one writings of Luther, that is included in the overview of books.

The plane is to include all the books in the Search page, as a "blog page" in the overview of lutheran books. Ex: One page for the Church Postil etc.